Added PS docs (#433)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs/powershell/cost/Get-FinOpsCostExport.md

---
layout: default
grand_parent: PowerShell

> parent: Cost

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parent: Cost Management
```

title: Get-FinOpsCostExport
nav_order: 1
description: 'Get a list of Cost Management exports.'
permalink: /powershell/cost/Get-FinOpsCostExport
---

<span class="fs-9 d-block mb-4">Get-FinOpsCostExport</span>
Get a list of Cost Management exports.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

[Syntax](#-syntax){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-4 }
[Examples](#-examples){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-4 }

<details open markdown="1">
   <summary class="fs-2 text-uppercase">On this page</summary>

- [🧮 Syntax](#-syntax)
- [📥 Parameters](#-parameters)
- [🌟 Examples](#-examples)
- [🧰 Related tools](#-related-tools)

</details>

---

> The Get-FinOpsCostExport command gets a list of Cost Management exports for a given scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Get-FinOpsCostExport** command gets a list of Cost Management exports for a given scope.
```

<br>

## 🧮 Syntax

```powershell
Deploy-FinOpsHub `
    [-Name <string>] `
    [-Scope <string>] `
    [-DataSet <string>] `
    [-StorageAccountId <string>] `
    [-StorageContainer <string>] `
    [-ApiVersion <string>] `
```

<br>

## 📥 Parameters

| Name          | Description                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Name          | Optional. Name of the export. Supports wildcards.                                                                                                                                           |
| Scope | Optional. Resource ID of the scope the export was created for. If empty, defaults to current subscription context.                                                                      |

> | DataSet      | Optional. Dataset to get exports for. Allowed values = "ActualCost", "AmortizedCost", "Usage". Default = null (all exports).                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Let's not talk about "Usage". That doesn't give customers reservations or savings plans.
```suggestion
| DataSet      | Optional. Dataset to get exports for. Allowed values = "ActualCost", "AmortizedCost". Default = null (all exports).                                                                                                                  |
```

| StorageAccountId       | Optional. Resource ID of the storage account to get exports for. Default = null (all exports).                                                                                           |
| StorageContainer       |  Optional. Name of the container to get exports for. Supports wildcards. Default = null (all exports).                                                                     |
| ApiVersion    | Optional. API version to use when calling the Cost Management exports API. Default = 2023-03-01. |
|

<br>

## 🌟 Examples

> Get-FinOpsCostExport 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Get all cost exports for a subscription

```powershell
Get-FinOpsCostExport `
    -Scope "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" 
```

Gets all exports for a subscription. Does not include exports in nested resource groups.

### Get export with name matching wildcard within a specific scope.

```powershell
Get-FinOpsCostExport `

>     --Name mtd* `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -Name mtd* `
```

    -Scope "providers/Microsoft.Billing/billingAccounts/00000000" 
```

Gets export with name matching wildcard mtd* within the specified billing account scope. Does not include exports in nested resource groups.

> ### Get all exports filtered by a dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get all amortized cost exports
```

```powershell
Get-FinOpsCostExport `
    -DataSet "AmortizedCost"
```

Gets all exports within the current context subscription scope and filtered by dataset AmortizedCost.

> ### Gets all exports within the subscription scope filtered by a specific storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get exports in a subscription for a specific storage account
```

```powershell
Get-FinOpsCostExport `
    -Scope "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"`
    -StorageAccountId "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/MyResourceGroup/providers/Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/MyStorageAccount" 
```

Gets all exports within the subscription scope filtered by a specific storage account.

> ### Gets all exports within the subscription scope for a specific container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get subscription exports using a specific container.
```

```powershell
Get-FinOpsCostExport `

>     -Scope "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" -StorageContainer "MyContainer*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -Scope "/subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000" `
    -StorageContainer "MyContainer*"
```

```

Gets all exports within the subscription scope for a specific container. Supports wildcard.

> ### Gets all exports using a specific API version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get exports using a specific API version
```
